docs: mounting volumes, secrets and configmaps for devworkspaces (#2296)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/image-pull-secrets.adoc

:navtitle: Creating image pull Secrets
:keywords: user-guide, configuring, user, secrets
:page-aliases: 

[id="image-pull-secrets_{context}"]
= Creating image pull Secrets

> You can create an image pull Secret containing credentials to allow {devworkspace} Pods to access private container registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an image pull Secret containing credentials to allow {devworkspace} Pods to access container registries requiring authentication.
```
